Introduction:
    Student academic performance is undoubtedly at the forefront of the minds of many students and school faculty. The traditional school system gives a discrete method of assessing the capabilities of a student based on their performance on standardized tests and assignments. Despite this, the method of measuring student success does not take into account outside factors that could result in an individual getting lower grades than they would otherwise be capable of achieving. This factor makes it difficult to identify students that may need a different level of assistance to fulfill their maximum capabilities. This report seeks to outline our proposed solution to this issue in the standardized grading system as well as additional pitfalls experienced that could contribute to the creation of a more refined assessment model in the future. 

Project goal:
    - Background: Students come into college with many background features that may affect their academic performance. These features may be directly related to academics such as time spent studying per week or indirectly related like parental income. If a student is doing poorly, the source of the issue may not be evident solely from their grades. Faculty may attempt to reach out to students, but oftentimes it is unclear exactly how the student can be helped. Additionally, it can be difficult for an instructor to even identify a fraction of the students that require assistance to perform their best. 


    - Motivation: With such a high number of potential factors that can influence a student's academic performance, there needs to be a method of identifying students that may need academic assistance based on many direct and indirect factors. With a method capable of accomplishing this, instructors would be able to better focus their attention towards the students that may need it more to succeed. This would also lead to better counceling and additional support available for students. Our main motivation for pursuing this 

    There are a lot of factors, both internal and external, that can contribute to a student’s academic success. In the case where a student is doing worse than expected, we are trying to figure out the cause(s), and potential ways to solve it.
